A long time ago
our parents from each island
I did not win rent and bassam on foot
dry when it is found the channel
Venice to 50
illac city
this has become
he has difficult
it's the dugout
we win it creates a blow that
had up to the point of exchange with
our brothers who are after Europe and the
oil is what is called today
the nas and will recall pinasse there was
but from the tray to 1 in the tie alice on
was scared either a bearer of the future
to arrive at it had created there in
sachets its surface when one is in
life is often from the ferry and that we
wanted them to come in
thurman or not arrived the gothard from the
early I would say even forever
we asked us hurt our
parents suffered at Lorient
it breaks the coen discharge at the purchase
she does not walk from bagad to
dock and charge of these products out
in small pirogues and at midnight
you're going through a pilot to go on
taboo
greenery at the game we will leave here
abidjan well before we are
so much choice of a nation the cannet
all-powerful
on the super port one of the three that can
to arrive the mapi earth is an oasis
goes into the supply comes also on the
advanced if you've had succeeded with have
started climbing the agent that grows and
we are afraid to go before we are
pleased with this inconvenience
they are no longer useful
it's good Sebastian bounet
my joy is immense because we
could today crossed to 10
minutes to come to say and do not sense
not also us side cheaper report
that before father preached in space
one hour we win 50 minutes
huge huge
and then with the bridge there is more than
constraints the ball really much his
life we ​​can talk about their job the
vaginas often land there are
panels that plumb a whole city
that do not happen has moved without the
party has not bac
everyone is happy there is a
evolution that will soon come with
we were told
sarah finck and all the young people who are
in the surroundings are going to have work
the houses all this is part of a
such emergence
you indicate at 300 meters of access here
and you that but on the other side
so if you do the addition that makes
still 1 quarter of blood this is a
big book that is still more than
20 2 and a half billion I call back to
the counter thing a passage of speech
of the minister patrick achi soon with
open your region will become the new
continent to conquer
are you ready to do it
face
there are people who have already started
before you deliver you sell you receive
money here is the advantage but after
we are more community the bridge is going
to really be bringing you a lot
of oxygen that's what we are
will make oxygen it's up to us too
to see how we are going to develop
with us do not have much in
outside oil and gas added
unfortunately people do not shoot
not profit from these oil manna
tourism not against him it's some
something that will be direct
he's going to create jobs he's going to create
wealth can be hired
young people who are massively unemployed
this bridge automatically resolves the
unemployment problem, especially unemployment
young people
so much more for this bridge that
can be summed up in one word development
this is the bridge of the development of the
vine is the opportunity to launch a
industrial zone preferably
agricultural industry and soft industry
and why not prepare jacqueville
to be an integral part of the big
abidjan of tomorrow
it's like a trunk it's I would not say
not even a gift from heaven
it is the deliverance we have claimed
invests to the president of the republic
everything everything they do for us
they say they put a lot of life on him
many come down I was due to us